[NARRATOR]
Last Dragon Ball Z Kai:
Goku emerged
victorious over Frieza...
but at what cost?
[screams]
No!!!
[NARRATOR]
Has Goku fought his last?
The saga continues... now!
♪ opening song ♪
What's going on?!
Please tell us there's
still a ray of hope...
Goku... could not escape.
[YAMCHA sobbing]
No! No! It can't be true...
I'm so sorry...
There's nothing we can do now,
but to inform his
loved ones back on Earth
that the best of
us has fallen...
His poor son...
If Gohan has to hear it,
it should come from Bulma.
That isn't a bad idea.
Then let me be the one
to break the news to her.
[KING KAI]
Whatever you think best.
Put your hand on my back.
Right.
[YAMCHA]
Bulma...
Bulma, can you hear me...?
I don't know...
Am I'm getting though...?
It's me... Yamcha.
Yamcha?
[YAMCHA]
Yeah, it's me.
Sorry if this freaks you out.
I'm speaking to you
telepathically through King Kai.
[BULMA]
Telepathically? Oh wow...
Are you talking to one
of us or just yourself...?
Wait, hold on!
You're talking to King Kai!
[BULMA]
Actually Yamcha...
He's using King Kai
like a phone...
Why am I not surprised you
know about this already...?
So, what all have
you been up to?
[YAMCHA]
Well, uh... Not much,
but... well considering...
Listen, you might want to
brace yourself for this...
It's about Goku...
The good news is,
Frieza's no longer an issue.
He beat him.
Hey guys! Get ready
to jump for joy...!
Yamcha just told me
that Goku did it...
He took down Frieza for good.
Really? Are you serious...?!
All right! Yeah!
[PICCOLO]
You did it. You finally did it.
[GOHAN] My Dad's a hero!
My Dad's a hero!
[VEGETA]
So Kakarot brought down Frieza?
[YAMCHA]
Shut up and listen!
There's more to it...
Once Frieza was
finished, Goku he...
tried to get away, but...
Namek exploded
before he could...
He's gone.
Oh hey, get a load of this.
[BULMA] Apparently Goku
couldn't make his way off Namek
before the whole shebang
went, well, bang...
[YAMCHA] Am I missing
something funny here?!
I said Goku
didn't make it...!
And he's already been
wished back once
with the Dragon Balls!
[BULMA laughs]
Well... I know something
you don't know...
The Namekians just happened to
come back to Earth with us...
And it just so happens
their special
homemade Dragon Balls
followed them across the galaxy.
But guess what the
best part is...?
The Namekian Dragon Balls
can work their magic,
regardless of how many times
a person's been
wished back before!
In other words...
Chiaotzu, Krillin
and Goku all get
the same first class ticket
home as you boys do!
[YAMCHA]
No kidding?!
Yamcha...! What's up?
We're gettin'
brought back, Tien...
All of us... That
includes you, pal.
Are you serious?!
[KING KAI]
Your friends on Earth
aren't seeing the
bigger picture.
Well, that is to say
the Namekian Dragon Balls
can revive Chiaotzu without
too much of a problem...
But Goku and Krillin
are another story.
It made perfect sense to me...
I don't see what
the problem is...
The Dragon Balls will
only return someone
to the physical realm
in the same place
they were when they
crossed dimensions.
I don't like where
this is going...
Krillin and Goku
would have to be brought
back to Planet Namek...
But Planet Namek has been
turned into galactic rubble!
Try though we might to
wish our friends back...
The cold vacuum of
space would be waiting
to swallow them both up!
Come on...You're King Kai
for cryin' out loud...!
There must be
something you can do!
I would if I could...!
That part of the cosmos
isn't in my jurisdiction!
Okay... Well, uh...
Looks like I spoke too soon...
Oh no!
But... I don't understand;
why can't Dad and Krillin be
brought home like you said?
[BULMA] Well, if Kami
restored someone's body
like in Chiaotzu's case,
that's the exception,
otherwise...
According to the rules,
you have to pick up exactly
where you left off...
Which in their
case is nowhere...
in the present tense anyway...
See... The only
thing left of Namek now
is a whole bunch of nothing...
And King Kai can't
do anything about it
because that area
of space doesn't fall
within his jurisdiction.
But... I mean... We...
[VEGETA chuckles]
Stop whining and use
your heads for once.
It would mean
burning an extra wish,
but you could ask the
dragon to transport them
here to Earth before
anything else...
That should be possible.
[BULMA] Of course!
Why didn't I think of that?
Vegeta! That's a
brilliant idea!
You really do care.
Don't patronize me.
[VEGETA]
I don't care in the slightest.
I only want Kakarot
restored so I can one day
have the pleasure of bringing
a Super Saiyan to his knees!
[MOORI]
Pardon me, my Earthling friend.
Once the Dragon Balls
have regained their luster,
my people and I intend
to relocate to a planet
where our presence will
be less obtrusive...
In the meantime, however,
we were wondering if
you knew of a place
where we could be
safely tucked away?
[BULMA]
Well, let's see.
I think the obvious
choice is my place.
Oh, we couldn't possibly...
Aw, trust me--there's more
than enough room for everyone;
and besides it's the least
we could do in exchange
for letting us use the Dragon
Balls to save our friends.
[BULMA]
It's a sweet deal.
Help me out here, kid...
You're right to wanna
keep a low profile.
Some earthlings can be
a little high-strung.
Trust me...
Well then...
I guess, if you insist...
Then we accept your offer.
You can come, too...
Or do you have
cash for a motel?
I'm an excellent cook.
And if you're appetite's
anything like Goku's,
you'll need one.
Just keep in mind that
doesn't give you a license
to start getting flirty--
irresistible as I might be.
What...?!
How dare you...? As if!
Alright then...
Everybody sit tight...
I'll go find a
phone somewhere
and have my dad
come pick us all up.
[GOHAN]
Hey, Bulma... Um...
Do you think maybe
I could come stay
at your place for a while?
[BULMA]
What are you talking about?
Why would you
want to do that?
You've got
a home, silly.
Don't you miss
your mother?
See... I... uh...
Kinda forgot to
do my homework...
And... well... you've
seen my mom mad...
Doesn't this junk
heap go any faster?!
Get the lead
out, will ya'?!
Sheesh...
Ah! There they are...
'bout time...
Hey...! We're down here!
Took you long enough!
[touchdown sound]
Boom!
Where's my son...?!
Start talking!!
Oh! My sweet baby!
[GOHAN sheepish laughter]
Did you miss me?
[NARRATOR] And so, the
Namekians were escorted
covertly
to the Capsule Corporation...
Bet you weren't
expecting the place
to be quite so big,
huh? Or as cool...
Wait... Is that...?
[NARRATOR] While waiting for
the Dragon Balls to recharge,
compliments of Bulma's family,
the visitors enjoyed all the
amenities of life on Earth...
So much so that
before anyone knew it,
their vigil had come to an end.
Wow... So it only takes
the Namekian Dragon Balls
a hundred and thirty
days to reactivate, huh...
That's right...
One hundred and thirty days
makes one full Namekian year.
Cool...
that's only one-third of the
time it takes here on Earth.
Well, what do you say
we summon forth Porunga
and get this party
under way you guys?
Hold on a second...
I don't see Gohan anywhere...
[CHICHI
Wait! Don't start without us!
[OOLONG] Hey... what's up kid?
[PUAR] Hey, Gohan!
[GOHAN] Sorry! Cram
school ran long today.
[BULMA] Cram school?
Aren't you a trooper?
His loving mother
intends for her little man
to make a name for himself in
the halls of academia one day.
The two of you made
it just in time...
Well, Dende.
What do you say?
Sure...
Takkaruaputo Popporunga
pupirito paro!
Go... Go... Go
Whoa! Look at
the size of him!
This... This
is incredible!
Wow...!
[PORUNGA]
I am summoned...
I shall grant
you three wishes...
within my power...
Speak, and let your
desires be known.
You go first,
my friends...
We'll withhold
our own wish
until yours have
been fulfilled...
As we see it, one
more year is nothing.
Thank you very much...
We owe you one.
Okay. Let's do this, guys...
First, we'll ask that Goku
and Krillin be transported
here to Earth where they
can safely be brought back.
[DENDE] Napahito sonda
bakuli lepicatto sopaletto!
Very well... I shall try...
The one called Krillin
has been transported
to the Earth's domain.
However it is not
within my power
to move the one called Goku...
What are you talking
about...?! Why not?!
The one known as Goku
cannot be summoned,
because currently Goku
is not in Other World.
He's alive?
[KING KAI]
He what...?!
That's impossible... No way!
[OOLONG]
Yay... Yay... I knew it...
Hooray!!! That
doesn't make sense...
If he's alive, why
not come home...?
I--
[GOHAN] Maybe his
spaceship's damaged, or...
something.
Oh, don't worry, friend...
You can ask him yourself;
just have him
summoned here directly.
Yeah! Great idea!
Oh... Yay!!!
So, for our second wish...
Let's bring our buddy
Krillin back home
where he belongs!
Bring him back!
Papitto latonguge
Krillin sonda baratow!
Hey...
Welcome home, pal!
[KRILLIN]
Wow... Kinda awkward...
[PORUNGA]
Your wish has been granted...
Now speak your third wish
so that I may
return to my slumber.
Aw... Come on...
There's no need to be
grumpy Mr. Dragon...
Hahahaha!!
Okay. Last but not least...
Now summon Goku to stand
at the side of his loved ones!
[cheers]
Hirokelotto deliba
milocasuta pippo!
Goku...
[PORUNGA] I am unable...
The request has been denied.
The one called Goku prefers
to return in his own time
and refuses to be summoned.
[ROSHI]
Of course!!!
The man is terrified
of his own wife...!
For all his strength
as a Super Saiyan,
the one thing he
can't face is her...!
Just an observ--eh, joke...
Harmless joke...
So, does that mean Dad's
never gonna come home?
[PICCOLO] All good things
to those who wait, kid.
He'll come home...
In his own good time.
[VEGETA] Yes that's it...
I'm certain of it...
He's found some remote planet
where he can train
in secrecy...
Oh... I can't afford to
sit here spinning my wheels!
[rumbling]
[blast off noises]
[PICCOLO] Ignore him.
Just go... Get on with it.
There are people
on the other side
with King Kai who've
been waiting for this day.
[BULMA]
Right. Yes...
I wonder who we
should wish back now.
They're trying to
decide which one of you
gets called home next.
Okay so...
I'm not done with
my training yet...
I'd rather stay.
I... I don't want to
go if Tien's not going.
Well, Yamcha...
I guess that settles it.
[monkey sounds]
Oohoohoo! Ohoohoo!
Me first, huh...?
Well okay...
Good... It's decided.
[KING KAI]
Come in, Bulma...! Hello...
Forgive the intrusion.
You do know who this is, right?
I have an idea.
[KING KAI] Tien and
Chiaotzu would like to stay
with me a bit longer.
If you please, bring
Yamcha back first.
Sounds like a plan to me...!
Alright; third
time's the charm...
Once more from the top...
Have Yamcha set
a course for home!
Pipatto dominori
keludemine coalutto!
[PORUNGA]
As you wish, it shall be done.
[splash]
[PORUNGA] The one called Yamcha
yet again walks among you.
Really?
[PUAR]
Where is he?
[BULMA]
Why don't I see him?
[PORUNGA]
Your wishes have been granted.
I bid you farewell.
Wait! You can't leave yet!
Oh great... He's gone...
And there's no sign of Yamcha.
[YAMCHA]
Hello...
Oh Yamcha! I missed
you so much...!
I'm so glad you're back...
Don't ever leave me again...
C'mon.
[BULMA]
Yamcha...
Hey, if you're gonna
bring someone back...
the next time... try
to pick a better spot.
[NARRATOR] Before long,
another Namekian year passed.
With the first
wish came Chiaotzu.
[cheering]
[NARRATOR]
With Chiaotzu safely home,
the next wish brought Tien.
We're on Earth.
[CHIAOTZU]
We made it! We're back!
[TIEN]
Chiaotzu...
[cheering]
[NARRATOR]
And lastly...
Well... Dende...
It's time we took our leave.
[DENDE]
Yes, sir.
For all that you've done,
you have our utmost thanks.
We... We'll miss you...
Gohan...
Goodbye friend...
This adventure's
been a great one.
You take care.
Picoleto camuleo zecanpile...
Very well...
Your wish is granted.
Farewell.
I'll miss you.
Bye!
Goodbye, Dende.
[NARRATOR] And so the Namekians
departed for a new world;
one they hoped
to soon call home.
Okay...
[NARRATOR]
For now, the Earth is safe.
But is this just the
calm before another storm?
Find out,
Next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ ending song ♪
[GOHAN]
Hey! It's me, Gohan...
So, a whole Earth
year's gone now
and still no sign of Dad.
I'm starting to think he
really is afraid of Mom...
[KRILLIN] Oh man!
Are you sensing this?!
Something big, bad and
uncomfortably Frieza-like
is charging straight for us!
[GOKU]
Next time, on Dragon
Ball Z Kai:
[KRILLIN] No way!
I thought we'd
seen the last of this freak!